README.rst, before:

``interjections 0.1``
=====================

Blocks of non-python code sprinkled in for extra seasoning.


What is an ``interjection``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

An ``interjection`` is a new syntactical element that allows us to embed non
python code into our existing python code. The basic structure is as follows:


.. code-block:: python


    # coding: interjections

    with @name:
        some code goes here


This desuagars to:


.. code-block:: python

    name("some code goes here")


This allows us to use slightly nicer syntax for our blocks.
The ``# coding: interjections`` is needed to enable this extension.


The ``@c`` interjection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The builtin ``@c`` interjection allows us to inline C code into our python.
For example:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> def f(a):
    ...     with @c:
    ...         printf("%ld\n", PyLong_AsLong(a));
    ...         a = Py_None;
    ...         Py_INCREF(a);
    ...     print(a)
    ...
    >>> f(0)
    0
    None
    >>> f(1)
    1
    None


Here we can see that the interjection can read from and write to the local
scope.

Commit message:

ENH: Implements quasiquoters instead of interjections

README.rst, after:

``quasiquotes 0.1``
=====================

Blocks of non-python code sprinkled in for extra seasoning.


What is a ``quasiquote``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

An ``quasiquote`` is a new syntactical element that allows us to embed non
python code into our existing python code. The basic structure is as follows:


.. code-block:: python


    # coding: quasiquote

    [$name|some code goes here|]


This desuagars to:


.. code-block:: python

    name("some code goes here")


This allows us to use slightly nicer syntax for our code.
The ``# coding: quasiquote`` is needed to enable this extension.
The syntax is chosen to match haskell's quasiquote syntax from GHC 6.12. We need
to use the older syntax (with the ``$``) because python's grammar would be
ambiguous without it at the quote open step. To simplify the tokenizer, we chose
to use slighly more verbose syntax.

We may also use statement syntax for quasiquotes with a modified with block:

.. code-block:: python

    with $name:
        some code goes here

This desugars the same as the block above.


The ``c`` quasiquoter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The builtin ``c`` quasiquoter allows us to inline C code into our python.
For example:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> def f(a):
    ...     with $c:
    ...         printf("%ld\n", PyLong_AsLong(a));
    ...         a = Py_None;
    ...         Py_INCREF(a);
    ...     print(a)
    ...
    >>> f(0)
    0
    None
    >>> f(1)
    1
    None


Here we can see that the quasiquoter can read from and write to the local scope.
